every year around the world thousands of
grizzly bear cubs are orphaned because
of conflict with humans
Pacha the smallest orphan has lost the
use of his legs it's actually waving
away the skin on his knees his hind legs
in the wild a cub like passion would be
unable to follow its mother during
emergence the pageant nafse have never
seen this before
[Music]
we'll try to treat the sores on his legs
with antibacterial cream but it's going
to take time for them to heal his wounds
not completely healed they're still
bleeding and he started to use his back
legs before they were just splayed out
like a starfish and no closer and
politics boarding he actually used in
them so I would expect within a few days
there's gonna be a lot more a lot more
as soon as he starts using his back legs
those wouldn't all fully heal Pasha
remains the smallest his legs are
completely healed but he's always at the
back of the group and with the others
claim he really struggles to keep up the
Cubs are becoming expert climbers but
Pasha lacks confidence just a couple of
metres up he stops and freezes
Pacha needs to climb higher in the wild
a predator could reach him down here
[Music]
cautiously he pushes on
testing each branch to check if he'll
hold his weight if he makes a mistake
it's now a 15 meter draw to the forest
floor the other Cubs are already at the
top of the tree by focusing on the
others Pasha conquers his fears making
it to 30 meters above the ground
inspired by his fellow orphans Pasha has
finally learned to climb
[Music]
you